# Determining Data Point 2

Recorded by Thomas Bradford (tsb49@cornell.edu) on 12 March 2020

## Description 

Our goal is to get Data Point 2. Data Point 2 is: coagulant concentration (dependent) vs. concentration of humic acid (independent). 

We are going to be determining percent removal of humic acid in relation to influent coagulant concentration.
For a set experiment, we will choose some concentration of humic acid to be constant across the experiment. 
For this concentration of HA, we will then input coagulant of a certain concentration. 
We will measure influent versus effluent content of humic acid, and then calculate percent removal. 

A plot will be made for every given influent concentration of HA. It will plot % HA removal (y axis) versus influent coagulant concentration (x axis).

**Data Point 2** corresponds to 2.0 mg PACl / L. We will test with 25 mg HA / L. This value is lifted from **the second row of Table 2** in Report 1 for Spring 2020. 

## Conditions

### Stock solutions
| Stock solution | g / L solution|
|:---:|:---:|
|HA| 0.5 |
|PACl| 0.5|

### Concentration of substances going into sedimentation tank
| Substance | mg / L solution|
|:---:|:---:|
|HA| 25 |
|PACl| 2|


### Pumps, Turbidimeters, & Spectrophotometer
|Pump| Flow rate (mL/s)|
|:---:|:---:| 
|Influent water| 0.4611 |
|Effluent water| 0.3967 |
| HA | 0.02534|
| PACl| 0.02027|

## Comments on Methods
We ran the method file "Humic_Acid_Method_Spring_20". 

We receorded comments in real time in the data file that we saved on that date. 

## Comments on Results

Note on 12 March: We will evaluate the results on a later data. 
