# Testing the spectrophotometer

Recorded by Thomas Bradford (tsb49) on 9 March 2020

## Description 
We want to determine if we should recalibrate the spectrophotometer. So, we're going to run HA through the system and see if the measured numbers are reasonable. If not, we'll recalibrate.

# Experiment 1 

Measure the absorbance of humic acid traveling through the system to see if the results are reasonable given previous data. 

## Conditions

Someone has disconnected a lot of the components of our apparatus as of 3/9/20. On 3/11/20, the system was fixed by Joseph Yoon. 
We emptied out the system before beginning the experiment, to minimize confounding variables. 

### Species 
Concentration of HA in water: 1.03 g / 4.0 L H<sub>2</sub>O 

This corresponds to a **0.26 g / L** concentration. 

The HA we mixed into the water was a solid hummic acid sodium salt.

### Pumps, Turbidimeters, & Spectrophotometer
Influent water pump: 9.737 RPM (can be calculated from our Colab functions page)

- 0.4544 mL / s

Effluent water pump: 8.5 RPM

- 0.3967 mL / s

HA input: 

Coagulant input: 0 mL/s 

## Comments on Methods
We ran the method file "02-21-20". 

We receorded comments in real time in the data file that we saved on that date. 

## Comments on Results


# Experiment 2

Corresponds to Experiment 1 in Report 1 for Spring 2020. 

Goal: to get Data Point 1 out of 5 for the relationship HA removal efficiency (dependent variable) and concentration of PACl (independent variable). 

## Conditions



### Species 
Concentration of HA in water: 1.03 g / 4.0 L H<sub>2</sub>O 

This corresponds to a **0.26 g / L** concentration. 

The HA we mixed into the water was a solid hummic acid sodium salt.

Coagulant: 1.5 mg / L 

### Pumps, Turbidimeters, & Spectrophotometer
Influent water pump: 0.4545 mL/s

Effluent water pump: 0.3967 mL/s

Waste stream: 0.1099 mL/s

HA input: 0.05067 mL/s

Coagulant input: 0.00152 mL/s

## Comments on Methods
We ran the method file "Humic_Acid_Method_Spring_20". This is the renamed file from Experiment 1. The comport was changed to 8 rather than 1. 

## Comments on Results
